welcome to the Daniel fine kitchen I'm
chef Sally Cameron today we're going to
be making a beautiful Mediterranean
salad based on quinoa if you're not
familiar with quinoa it's actually it
looks like a grain but it's actually a
seed and it's high protein and it's a
complete protein and it tastes fantastic
if you're not familiar with it think
like you would think about rice so what
we're going to do this is cooked quinoa
it takes just 18 minutes Steam's finish
to this we're going to add chopped
cucumber we're going to add a little bit
of feta cheese at the end right now
we're going to add some fresh tomatoes
these are chickpeas or garbanzo beans
that have been rinsed and drained this
is chopped yellow pepper look at all the
colors that's going into this anything
with this much color you're definitely
eating from the rainbow this is packed
with nutrition with fiber with vitamins
and with flavor
it'll just it just nibbling does it
taste fantastic but it just is going to
give you so much energy and then a
little bit on the end here we'll do some
kalamata olives some Greek olives that
have been pitted and cut in half a lot
of good things going on here and then
this is mint some fresh mint and you
might think Oh mint and a salad it has
tremendous refreshing flavor so try it
and you could just toss this together
and if you enjoy eating dairy a little
bit of diced feta is very good this
happens to be a goat milk feta this is
not only great for lunch
but you could use this as a side dish
for dinner and put a little bit of
grilled chicken or a little bit of
grilled shrimp or a little bit of sliced
flank steak on it so it's very versatile
very healthy hacked with flavor and
nutrition and then at the very end all
you need to do is add a few drizzles of
a lemony vinaigrette it's just simply
olive oil a little bit of garlic some
fresh squeezed lemon juice which is it
gives a beautiful bright flavor toss and
you're ready to go
Oh